DOC: Be specific about copy operations in the user manual (#2197)
shapely/shapely: docs/manual.rst

  [(0.0, 0.0)]

The `Point` constructor also accepts another `Point` instance, thereby making

> a shallow copy.

Reviewer: I don't think shallow copy quite captures the new behavior. How about something like this:

When given a `Point` instance, the `Point` constructor returns a reference to its argument. It does not make a copy.

  [(0.0, 0.0), (1.0, 1.0), (1.0, 0.0), (0.0, 0.0)]

The `LinearRing` constructor also accepts another `LineString` or `LinearRing`

> instance, making a deep copy or a shallow copy, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instance, returning a deep copy or a reference, respectively.
```

.. function:: shapely.geometry.polygon.orient(polygon, sign=1.0)

>   Returns a properly oriented deep copy of the given polygon. The signed area

Reviewer: Yes.
